---
title: "2024 Goals - Review"
date: 2025-01-07
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - Investing
  - Update
---

Well, I didn't blog at all lost year other than my first post. I will try to be better about writing at least a few times this year. Anyways, here is a recap of my 2024 goals. 

# Financial

- Max out Roth IRA, 401(k) and HSA accounts
  - Completed
- Have a savings rate of at least 40% 
  - Almost, savings rate was 35% in 2024. 
- Purchase another rental property
  - Did not complete, but we are in the process of searching for one currently. May have a post on this sometime this year if it comes to fruition. 

# Personal

- Travel at least 3 times out of state (or country)
  - St Lucia (Honeymoon)
  - Alabama (Visiting family)
  - New York (Babymoon)
- Complete 4 mountain bike races
  - Only completed 2 this year. 
- Workout at least 3 times a week 
  - Hah! 
- Read at least 8 books
  - Including my professional development books I hit this goal. Need to work on being better at reading this year, have plenty of books on my want to read list. 


# Professional

- Read at least 3 professional development books
  - I read 2
- Complete more code reviews
  - 25% code reviews
- Attend a development conference
  - Did not complete
- Write more tests for the code I am shipping 
  - Completed 
- Improve performance
  - Hard to gauge, but believe I did. 
- Reduce bugs
  - Again, hard to gauge. I did work on fixing quite a few existing bugs, so I'll count this as completed. 

And the biggest thing to happen in 2024... we had a baby girl! What an amazing blessing she has been, we love her so much! 